PR: Update Changelog, Announcements and metadata files for 6.0.2 (#22787)
spyder-ide/spyder: changelogs/Spyder-6.md

# History of changes for Spyder 6

## Version 6.0.2 (2024/10/31)

### Important fixes

> * Several fixes and improvements to the update detection mechanism.
> * Fix SSH tunneling info handling for remote kernels connection and add remote client tests.
> * Fix issue related with Matplotlib inline backend registration.
> * Handle kernel fault file not being available.
> * Fix Debugger toolbar buttons and restore missing debugging buttons.
> * Update QtConsole constraint to 5.6.1 to support move cursor ANSI codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix plots not being generated with the Matplotlib inline backend.
* Restore missing debugger buttons to the main toolbar.
* Several fixes and improvements to the update detection mechanism.
* Fix SSH tunneling info handling for remote kernels connection and add remote client tests.
* Handle kernel fault file not being available.
* Update QtConsole constraint to 5.6.1 to support ANSI codes that move the cursor.
```
